eyes are on Ottawa right now watching
for a highly-anticipated cabinet shuffle
but today it was a move involving
senators that caught many off-guard and
we're not talking politics but hockey in
a surprise move the linchpin of the
Ottawa team Daniel Alfredsson is leaving
the sins
here's Wahb he shead rice with the
city's reaction the longest-serving
captain in the NHL is changing jerseys
Daniel Alfredsson spent 18 years as an
Ottawa senator for most of that time he
was captain in the face of the franchise
but it's official the Alfredson era in
Ottawa is over we can't picture him
plane for anybody else it's it's it's
one of the saddest things to do
Alfred s'en signed a one-year five point
five million dollar deal with the
Detroit Red Wings today in a conference
call the 40 year old said he's thankful
for his time in Ottawa but this decision
is all about winning a Stanley Cup
everybody always to be at the top top of
the game and and to win campus it and
I'm really excited to get this
opportunity the news caught his
teammates off-guard I'm not happy and
I'm just looking forward for next year
and I wish I wish him good luck there it
was for me a devastating conversation a
disappointing one hard to swallow like
it is for a lot of people hockey experts
say his departure leaves a big void in
the team but it gives the Senators
powerful motivation to try and prove
Alfredsson wrong and I think you will
see them use that it's a hurtful day for
the Sanders but it doesn't have to be
the end of the world
Alfredsson leaves behind a legacy of
accomplishments in Ottawa
he was the league's Rookie of the Year
in 1996 and led the sense to the Stanley
Cup final in 2007 off the ice he's well
known for his community work one of his
family members struggles with mental
illness his legacy he is leaving behind
not not only better and reduce stigma
but he's also leaving behind a team of
other champions for this cause still it
was a somber day on the street
to the capital honestly hope he captures
that cup but it's just sad to see that
it won't be in a sense Jersey although
he's leaving Ottawa Alfredson says he's
going to stay committed to all of his
charity work here while Jesus Christ CBC
News Ottawa